Add profiling functionality to jobs. (#3484)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/additional-features/jobs.md

        populate_status_choices(apps, None)
```

## Debugging job performance

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

+++ 1.5.15

```

Debugging the performance of Nautobot jobs can be tricky, because they are executed in the worker context. In order to gain extra visibility, [cProfile](https://docs.python.org/3/library/profile.html) can be used to profile the job execution.

The 'profile' form field on jobs is automatically available when the `DEBUG` settings is `True`. When you select that checkbox, a profiling report in the pstats format will be written to the file system of the worker instance - the path will be logged in the job.

!!! note

>     If you need to run this in an environment with `DEBUG` set to `True` you have to option of using `nautobot-server runjob` with the `--profile` flag. According to the docs, `cProfile` should have minimal impact on the performance of the job, still - proceed with caution when using this in a production environment.

Reviewer: Perhaps?

```suggestion
    If you need to run this in an environment where `DEBUG` is `False`, you have the option of using `nautobot-server runjob` with the `--profile` flag. According to the docs, `cProfile` should have minimal impact on the performance of the job; still, proceed with caution when using this in a production environment.
```

### Reading profiling reports

> A full description on how to deal with the output of `cProfile` can be found in the [Instant's users manual](https://docs.python.org/3/library/profile.html#instant-user-s-manual), but here is something to get you started:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A full description on how to deal with the output of `cProfile` can be found in the [Instant User's Manual](https://docs.python.org/3/library/profile.html#instant-user-s-manual), but here is something to get you started:
```

```python
import pstats
job_result_uuid = "66b70231-002f-412b-8cc4-1cc9609c2c9b"
stats = pstats.Stats(f"/tmp/{job_result_uuid}.pstats")
stats.sort_stats(pstats.SortKey.CUMULATIVE).print_stats(10)
```

> This will print the 10 function that the job execution spent their most time in - adapt this to your needs!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will print the 10 functions that the job execution spent the most time in - adapt this to your needs!
```

        populate_status_choices(apps, None)
```

## Debugging job performance

> +++ 1.5.15

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+++ 1.5.17
```

Debugging the performance of Nautobot jobs can be tricky, because they are executed in the worker context. In order to gain extra visibility, [cProfile](https://docs.python.org/3/library/profile.html) can be used to profile the job execution.

> The 'profile' form field on jobs is automatically available when the `DEBUG` settings is `True`. When you select that checkbox, a profiling report in the pstats format will be written to the file system of the worker instance - the path will be logged in the job.

Reviewer 2: Can we include a comment about where on the filesystem the files can be found and how to determine which filesystem (application server/celery worker) it is on?

Author: Done, thanks 👍🏻
